Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

Page 1 of 8 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

Linear Seating Arrangement  for upcoming Prelims Exams 

Direction (1-5): Study the following 

Parker and X. Y sits third to the left of the one 

information carefully and answer the below 

who uses Hero. Neither X nor V uses Hero. The 

questions 

one who uses Paperkraft sits immediate left of 

Six persons- U, V, W, X, Y, and Z are sitting in the 

the one who uses Hayman. U does not use 

linear row facing the north. They are using 

Sheaffer. 

different brand pens- Parker, Sheaffer, Hero, 

1) Who among the following sits second to the 

Cello, Papercraft, and Hayman but not 

left of W? 

necessarily in the same order. 

A.The one who uses Hayman 

The one who uses Cello sits third to the left of 

B.The one who uses Hero 

the one who sits second to the right of U. Only 

C.The one who uses Cello 

two persons are sitting between U and W. The 

number of persons sitting to the left of W is the 

D.V 

E.U 

same as to the right of the one who uses Parker. 

Only two persons sit between the one who uses 

Page 2 of 8 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

2) Four of the five among the following are 

C.V 

similar in such a way to forms a group, who 

D.The one who sits immediate left of V. 

among the following doesn’t belong to that 

E.None of the above 

group? 

A.VU 

B.XW 

C.YX 

D.UZ 

E.VW 

Direction (6-10): Study the following 

information carefully and answer the below 

questions 

Six persons- U, V, W, X, Y, and Z are sitting in the 

linear row facing the north. They like different 

sweets- Jamun, KajuKatli, Mysore Pak, Halwa, 

3) What is the position of the one who uses 

Ladoo, and Jalebi but not necessarily in the same 

Cello with respect to X? 

order. 

A.Second to the right 

B.Second to the left 

C.Third to the left 

D.Fourth to the left 

E.None of the above 

The one who likes Jalebi sits third to the left of 

W, neither of them sits at end of the row. Z sits 

immediate left of W.  Only one person sits 

between Z and X. The number of persons sits to 

the left of X is the same as the number of 

4) Who among the following person sits to the 

persons sits to the right of the one who likes 

immediate left of the one who uses the Hero 

Mysore Pak. V sits second to the left of the one 

pen? 

who likes Ladoo. V neither likes Jalebi nor Halwa. 

A.The one who sits immediate right of U 

Y neither likes Jalebi nor Ladoo. Neither Y nor X 

B.The one who sits third to the right of Y 

likes Halwa. The one who likes KajuKatli sits 

C.Z 

D.T 

E.V 

second to the right of the one who likes Halwa. X 

does not like Kajukatli. 

6) Which of the following combination is true? 

5) If V is related to Papercraft and X is related 

I. V- Jamun 

to Sheaffer in a certain way. Then, who among 

II. Z- Halwa 

the following is related to Hayman? 

A.Y 

B.The one who sits immediate right of Z 

III. Y- Ladoo 

IV. X- KajuKatli 

A.Only I and II 

Page 3 of 8 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

           
             
            
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

B.Only III and IV 

C.Only I and III 

D.Only II and IV 

E.Only II and III 

7) Which of the following sweets does X like? 

A.Jamun 

B.Jalebi 

C.Halwa 

D.Kajukatli 

E.Ladoo 

E.Second to the right 

9) Who among the following person likes 

Halwa? 

A.The one who sits third to the right of U 

B.W 

C.U 

D.The one who sits second to the right of V 

E.The one who sits immediate left of W 

10) How many persons are sitting to the left of 

the one who likes Mysore Pak? 

8) What is the position of V with respect to the 

A.As many persons are sitting to the right of Z 

one who likes Jalebi? 

A.Third to the right 

B.Immediate left 

C.Immediate right 

D.Second to the left 

B.Three 

C.Four 

D.Five 

E.As many persons are sitting between X and Z 

Direction (1-5): 

We have, 

Answers with Explanation

1. Answer: A 

2. Answer: E 

3. Answer: B 

4. Answer: A 

5. Answer: A 

Final Arrangement 

•  The one who uses Cello sits third to the 

left of the one who sits second to the right 

of U. 

•  Only two persons are sitting between U 

and W. 

From the above condition, there are three 

possibilities. 

Page 4 of 8 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

Again we have, 

•  The number of persons sitting to the left of 

W is the same as the right of the one who 

uses Parker. 

•  Only two persons sit between the one who 

uses Parker and X. 

From the above condition, case1 gets eliminated. 

Again we have, 

•  Y sits third to the left of the one who uses 

Hero. 

•  Neither X nor V uses Hero. 

•  The one who uses Paperkraft sits 

immediate left of the one who uses 

Hayman. 

•  U does not use Sheaffer. 

From the above condition, case3 gets eliminated. 

case2 shows the final arrangement. 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

Page 5 of 8 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

 Direction (6-10): 

6. Answer: A 

7. Answer: B 

8. Answer: B 

9. Answer: E 

10. Answer: C 

Again we have, 

•  The number of persons sits to the left of X 

is the same as the number of persons sits 

to the right of the one who likes Mysore 

Pak. 

•  V sits second to the left of the one who 

likes Ladoo. 

•  V neither likes Jalebi nor Halwa. 

From the above condition, there are three 

possibilities. 

We have, 

•  The one who likes Jalebi sits third to the 

left of W, neither of them sits at end of the 

row. 

•  Z sits immediate left of W. 

•  Only one person sits between Z and X. 

From the above condition, there are two 

possibilities. 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

Page 6 of 8 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

•  The one who likes KajuKatli sits second to 

the right of the one who likes Halwa. 

•  X does not like Kajukatli. 

From the above condition, case1 and case1a get 

eliminated. Case2 shows the final arrangement. 

Again we have, 

•  Y neither likes Jalebi nor Ladoo. 

•  Neither Y nor X likes Halwa. 

For More Daily Current Affairs - Click Here 

Download Daily Score Booster Practice Questions PDF for Upcoming Bank Prelims Exam 

Download Daily Score Booster Practice Questions PDF for Upcoming Bank Mains Exam 

Download Daily Score Booster Practice PDFs for Upcoming SSC & Railway Exams 

Download Ultra-Bundle PDF for Upcoming Competitive Exams 

Special Paid Bundle PDF for Upcoming Exams 

Page 7 of 8 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
Linear Seating Arrangement for upcoming Prelims Exams 

Monthly Current Affairs PDF Capsule 2023 | Monthly One Liner Capsule  PDF 

Last 6 Months Current Affairs PDF  |  Expected Monthly Current Affairs Questions 

THE COMPLETE Static GK Capsule for Upcoming Exams 

The COMPLETE Static Banking Awareness PDF 

Check Here for Free Reasoning PDFs   | Free Quantitative Aptitude Questions PDFs 

Join Our What’s App Group & Get Instant Notification on Study Materials & PDFs 

Click Here to Join Our Official Telegram Channel 

Get High Standard Mock Test Series for all Bank Exams 

If there are any suggestions/ errors in our PDFs Feel Free to contact us via this email: admin@exampundit.in 

Page 8 of 8 

           
             
            
 
 
 
 
